ADAP-768: Update docs for materialized views/dynamic tables in v1.6 (#3935)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

</File>

### Monitored Configuration Changes

The settings below are monitored for changes applicable to `on_configuration_change`.

#### Target Lag

> Changes to `target_lag` can be applied via an `ALTER` statement. Refreshing is essentially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to `target_lag` can be applied by running an `ALTER` statement. Refreshing is essentially
```
